Oscar Hernandez has a Phd in Computer Science and recently
joined NVIDIA/Mellanox in 2021 after working 12 years at Oak
Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) where he was a senior staff
member of the Programming Systems Group, which does research
on programming models, compilers and tools that are deployed
at supercomputers like Summit and Frontier at the Leadership
Computing Facility (OLCF). At ORNL he helped standardize
parallel languages and APIs for accelerated nodes such as
OpenACC/OpenMP and communication libraries and frameworks like
OpenSHMEM and UCX. Oscar has experience giving tutorials in
different venues, like Supercomputing, ISC, Exascale Computing
Annual Meeting and for NSF.

Jeffrey Young is a senior research scientist in Georgia Tech's
School of Computer Science. With a background in computer
architecture, his main research interests have focused on the
intersection of high-performance computing and novel accelerators
including GPUs, Xeon Phi, FPGAs, and Arm SVE processors. He is a
co-director for Georgia Tech's Center for High Performance Computing
and is also the director of a novel architecture testbed, the
CRNCH Rogues Gallery, that aims to simplify and democratize access
to novel post-Moore accelerators in the neuromorphic, reversible,
and novel networking spaces. He received his PhD in computer
engineering in 2013 from Georgia Tech's ECE department.
Jeff has given multiple tutorials and has coordinated workshops
related to Arm high-performance computing in multiple venues
including Supercomputing, ISC, ASPLOS, and NSF's PEARC.


Matthew Baker is a R&D staff at Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
After graduating from ETSU he went on to do research at ORNL.
He has been working on research in benchmarks, system languages,
interconnect programming libraries, and CPU simulators. He is one
of the developers of UCX for uGNI, UCX-py and on the team that
implemented BlazingSQL/UCX. His main interests are parallel programing
languages and communication libraries like OpenSHMEM. Matt Baker has
also organized OpenSHMEM workshops in the past and presented some of
his work on different venues.